README.md, before:

# Dev Tinder Project

- Project initialized with git to enable keep and update progress track.
- Project setup with Vite + Reactjs

## DevTinder UI

- This is the Dev Tinder UI (User Inerface) web application
- fist create Vite + React application
- remove uncessary code and create a Hello World
- install Tailwind CSS and configured
- Daisy UI installed and configured  https://daisyui.com/
- Add navbar compnent to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate component and embed in the App.jsx
- installed react-router-dom
- created BrowserRouter
- created Routes, Route and nested Route inside the body Body Route https://reactrouter.com/6.30.1/start/tutorial
- Created Footer.
- Install Axios https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios
- CORS - instal cors in backend => add cors middleware with configurations: origin, cridentials; true : https://www.npmjs.com/package/cors
- When ever your making API call pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
- Installed redux toolkit : npm install @reduxjs/toolkit react-redux https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start



## React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

Commit message:

created a redux store, created a userSlice, added a reducer to store. Updated the user info firstname on NavBar when logged in, refactored code by creating a component folder and moving all components inside it. made other little changes that can be seen when back-tracked

README.md, after:

# Dev Tinder Project

- Project initialized with git to enable keep and update progress track.
- Project setup with Vite + Reactjs

## DevTinder UI

- This is the Dev Tinder UI (User Inerface) web application
- fist create Vite + React application
- remove uncessary code and create a Hello World
- install Tailwind CSS and configured
- Daisy UI installed and configured  https://daisyui.com/
- Add navbar compnent to App.jsx
- Create a NavBar.jsx separate component and embed in the App.jsx
- installed react-router-dom  https://reactrouter.com/6.30.1/start/tutorial
- created BrowserRouter
- created Routes, Route and nested Route inside the body Body Route https://reactrouter.com/6.30.1/start/tutorial
- Created Footer.
- Install Axios https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios
- CORS - instal cors in backend => add cors middleware with configurations: origin, cridentials; true : https://www.npmjs.com/package/cors
- When ever your making API call pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
- Installed redux toolkit : npm install @reduxjs/toolkit react-redux https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- Configurestore => Provider => CreateSlice => add reducer to store
- Added redux devTool extension in browser
- Worked on Login and checking if reciving data properly in store
- Worked on Navbar to update user's "welcome + user's firstname" once user is logged in
- Refactored code to add constants file and created a BASE_URL with the localhost. Created a        component folder and moved all components inside it.




## React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.
